Add new section in README on how to publish and test a snapshot release (#43)
elimu-ai/common-utils: README.md

   ```
7. Now you're ready to use the Text to Speech function

### How to publish a snapshot for local development & testing?

> 1. Change `libVersion`, `versionCode` and publication `version` in https://github.com/elimu-ai/common-utils/blob/main/utils/build.gradle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the `libVersion` and `versionCode` in https://github.com/elimu-ai/common-utils/blob/main/utils/build.gradle
```

Reviewer: @tuancoltech I suggest removing "and publication version" since it looks like it's getting its value from the `libVersion`.

```gradle
release(MavenPublication) {
            groupId = group
            artifactId = artifact
            version = libVersion
            afterEvaluate {
                from(components["release"])
            }
        }
```

2. Under `publishing` -> `repositories` block in the same Gradle script: Replace the existing `maven` repo by `mavenLocal()`
3. Run `./gradlew clean utils:publishReleasePublicationToMavenLocal` from project's root folder

> 4. In app side: Add `mavenLocal()` to `repositsories` block in `build.gradle` script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In app side: Add `mavenLocal()` to `repositories` block in `build.gradle` script
```
